So for this next part, we're gonna
actually build the main feature of this
app, which is going to be
the part that plays music.
So I'm just at this point,
we got the playlist going,
we got the songs populated, we got the
user profile, we got the authentication.
We got all those things using these
amazing tools working together at
different runtimes, and now we're
finally going to get some music playing.
So first, let's look over the scope
of what we're gonna be covering,
when it comes to what we'll be doing and
what we won't be doing.
If you look at the design here,
at the music play bar,
we will be adding most of this stuff.
Some of the things we won't be adding
obviously won't be like this album art,
because we just don't
have album art right now.
But we'll be adding the artists name and
song that's currently playing,
we won't be doing the favorite icon or
this one here.
We will do this entire feature
set here with the playing,
the previous next skip and shuffle.
With the seek bar where you can drag and
click and get the scrubbing, and
then we won't opt into any of
these like sharing things.
I think there's also
a volume slider on here.
Although the way that we build
it adding these features,
like the volume slider is
actually not that hard to do.
So it's, again, something else that
you could do if you want to, but
that's just the scope of
what we're going to do.
And before we hop into that,
we need to go in and
fix some things because you might have
issues around when the jadibooti expires.
I think we put an expiration
time of 8 hours, so
it's been 8 hours since you did that.
You're probably gonna run to an issue
where you can't [LAUGH] do anything.
So we need to actually handle our errors
or increase your data for tea time,
something greater than 8 hours, but
you'll just run into it eventually.
So the way we'll get around that
issue actually is to head into
the lib auth file, and then inside
of our validate token function.
We just need to, basically,
we can handle an error here or
we can handle the error wherever we
are using this validate token function.
So basically JWT verify expects a token
to be here, but if you don't have one for
whatever reason,
you cleared your browser out or whatever.
And there's this thing is undefined, it's
gonna freak out and it's gonna break and
that's gonna cause some issues.
So that's the cause of some
issues you might be having,
if you're trying to load up a page.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna
go to wherever we're using this,
which I believe is inside of the playlist
page inside of GIT server side props.
This is where we're using it, so
what we wanna do here is we just
want to just handle this error and
redirect the user back to a sign
in page if nothing comes back.
So the best way to do that is
we'll make a variable here,
we'll say, user, then we'll do
a try catch, whatever that was.
We'll do a try catch,
get this error here, and
we'll move up this validate
token inside of this try catch.
And I'll just set it to user equals
that validate token like that.
And then inside the catch,
I believe you can return a redirect here.
Inside of next AS, we can see redirects,
I don't know if it has to say,
permanent, I can look it up real quick.
But we're gonna do a redirect and
then we're gonna say, path, and
that's going to be to
slash sign in like that.
And actually we'll just get
rid of the redirect right now,
we'll look at the the live data, and
this right here will fix the issue.
So now we have the user, all we have to do
now is go down to where we're using the ID
for the user ID inside of
the playlist.find mini where query.
And change that to user.id
instead of just ID, so
this will handle that error
if valid token error is out.
You don't have a token,
you should even see this page
redirects you back to sign in.
So we're going to return
an object that looks like this,
so it has a redirect property on it,
which is an object.
Permanent false because we don't
want this to be permanent, and
then destination will be slash sign.
So now if you don't have a cookie or
if it's not signed in,
you try to go to this page and validate
token, you'll just get redirected.